=rext=

'''Description:''' Program that allows one to easily change the file extension of files within a specified directory.

'''Version:''' 0.1

'''Author:''' Bryce C.

'''License:''' see LICENSE

==Notes==

This program has only been tested on Ubuntu 18.04 with Swift version 5.1.4, though it should work on any platform that can compile and run Swift, with Mac and Ubuntu working without troubles.

===Installation===

To be able to install this application, download the zip file or clone this repository.

To run this program, it must be built with the following command in the unarchive or cloned directory:

<pre>
swift build
</pre>

A binary should then be available in the <strong>./build</strong> directory that can be moved into a location that is listed in your PATH environment variable.

===Usage===

To use the program, call it and tell it which extensions to look for and replace with like this:

<pre>
rext -eo php txt
</pre>

That will go through the current directory and change any '''php''' extensions to '''txt'''.

directory can be specified with the <strong>-d</strong> flag and whether it work recursively or not can be set with the <strong>-r</strong> flag.

Everything can be specified at once like this:

<pre>
rext -deor "/path/to/directory" php txt
</pre>

This will go through the specified directory and all subdirectories and do the same renaming job as above. Quotes must are not necessary around the the directory path, as of 3/2/2020, both '''~''' and '''.''' shorthands are supported, though I do not think '''..''' will work.

If you use the usual '''-h''' or '''--help''' flags, you can get a brief overview when needed.

===Other===

This program uses Apple's <a href="https://github.com/apple/swift-argument-parser">ArgumentParser</a> to allow the argument flags and retrieve the proper values.
